## Meeting 2
### 5/22/2019 
### Jonathan Hsu, Patrick Liao, Zaprin Ignatiev

1. What we did
This week we completed basic forum functionality and began working on access control. 

2. What we are going to do
We will continue to work on access control and authentication.

3. Issues 
TBD

Link to Trello
https://trello.com/invite/b/PERFlN4o/4427563571f6da7cd31ba08c2198e5ad/ecs153-project

Commits
